Improve software section (#426)
tembo-io/website: src/content/docs/product/software/tembo-enterprise/overview.mdx

---
title: Tembo Enterprise

> sideBarPosition: 201

Reviewer: We need to do this for all other docs but for new ones we should get in habit of writing a `description: ` if we can for SEO

---

import Callout from '../../../../../components/Callout.astro';

<Callout variant='tip'>
	While our flagship product is <a href="https://cloud.tembo.io">Tembo Cloud</a>,
	we also provide software for various use cases.
</Callout>

## Tembo Enterprise

In the Enterprise Software model, both the control plane and the data plane are 
owned and managed by you, and will live in your cloud account. 

> We'll attempt to provide you with a way to install and run the control plane, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We'll provide you with a way to install and run the control plane, 
```

data plane and UI in your account so that they can use Tembo Cloud in a 
way that meets your security requirements. 

> Extension management could be a challenge here. You may not be able to use the 
> public Trunk registry, so we may need to provide a way for you to use your 
> own private extension registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Extension management is a key feature of the Tembo experience, and the platform makes use of the Trunk extension registry under the hood. You may not be able to use the 
public Trunk registry, so we'll provide a way for you to use your 
own private extension registry.
```

> <img src="/enterprise-software.png" />

Reviewer 2: I'll clean this image up with a more generic one. It should also show all components in one Kubernetes cluster

## Responsibilities

Our Responsibilities:

* General support

Your Responsibilities: 

* Kubernetes cluster provisioning
* Data plane component installation
* Data plane connection to Tembo's control plane
* Data plane component upgrades, maintenance, and support

> * Kubernetes cluster upgrades, maintenance, and support

Reviewer 2: We should clean this up as it suggests a hybrid approach
